Add documentation (#1)
Gandi/wagtail-localize-panel: docs/source/users/configuration.rst

To display the wagtail-localize panel, users have to subscribe to a root
lang page and allow permissions.

The first things to do is to create a group for that.

Example with a french translation:

Create a new group
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

In the wagtail `Settings / Groups` menu, add a new group using the 
button `Add a group`.

.. image:: ./screen_1.png
   :alt: Add a group

Then, set the name of the group.

.. image:: ./screen_2.png
   :alt: Name the group "FR Translators"

Then, check the boxes `View the localize panel on the admin`
and `Receive email on new translations`.

.. image:: ./screen_3.png
   :alt: Check the boxes

Then, choose the root page of the language, and check the "edit" permissions.

.. image:: ./screen_4.png
   :alt: Check the edit on language root page.

Then, add save the group using the button on the bottom of the page.

.. image:: ./screen_5.png
   :alt: Save the new group.

To finalize your group, users must be added in the group.

Edit users under the menu `Settings / Users`

.. image:: ./screen_6.png
   :alt: List users.

And add the new role tab of the user, check the box of the new group and
click the save button.

.. image:: ./screen_7.png

>    :alt: Add the role to the user user.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   :alt: Add the role to the user.
```

> Now users in the group have the panel of translations in there home page:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now users in the group have the panel of translations in their home page:
```

.. image:: ./screen_8.png

>    :alt: Add the role to the user user.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   :alt: Add the role to the user.
```

if the checkbox `Receive email on new translations` is checked,
every time the page in the source lang is published, an email will be

> sent to users to prevent for the incoming translations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
sent to users to notify them of the incoming translations.
```

.. important::

>    This plugin automatically "synchronize translations", so it is now useless

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   This plugin automatically does the "synchronize translations", so it is now useless
```
